LIAM: Let me see. I'm going to keep it aiming
around. You're on now.
MARISHA: Hi guys!
LIAM: I lost Laura, you got Marisha. Throw
questions at her, and I'll ask them to her. Keep
waving. Yay. Hi cast. Okay, good, good. Woo, woo.
LAURA: Marisha.
LIAM: Kirsten says "Marisha, this is cray cray." Oh
jeez I backed into--
SAM: Okay first question.
LIAM: How are you Marisha?
MARISHA: Oh I am fantastic, thank you so much for
actually asking a question.
LAURA: A good question. Super good question guys.
MARISHA: It looks like they're having a video
capture card issue, so we're doing this so you
guys don't watch the whole show in fullscreen.
Because we're sure you'd be very upset about that.
LIAM: Favorite beast form. What's your favorite
beast form?
MARISHA: Oh, Minxie. All day, every day. But
Minxie has personal value and attachment. And
Travis named her.
LIAM: Right. Sentimental value.
MARISHA: Sentimental value.
LIAM: Yeah yeah.
MARISHA: Yeah. 100%.
LIAM: How are you doing?
MARISHA: Once again, I'm phenomenal. I'm so
thrilled that you care enough to ask me twice,
chat. Thank you. Good. My dad is in town.
This is my dad everybody.
LIAM: You want him on camera? There he goes!
Whoa!
MARISHA: He just flew in from Kentucky two hours ago.
LIAM: They look just like each other!
MARISHA: Yeah! (laughs)
LIAM: How does that happen?!
MARISHA: It's like there's science behind it.
LIAM: What's your favorite spell?
MARISHA: What's my favorite spell? I mean, Call
Lightning has special love as well because it's
Call Lighting.
LIAM: I'm getting a "Woo-hoo Kentucky."
MARISHA and MARISHA'S DAD: Woo Kentucky! Woo!
Kentucky!
LIAM: All right. Minxie, thank you. I'm going to
find another cast member and bother them.
MARISHA: Yeah. Do that.
LIAM: All right we'll go back to Laura.
LAURA: Do you have questions for me now?
LIAM: Yeah. "Liam, can't see the face camera is
pointed down?" I don't think so, I see Laura's
face on it.
LAURA: Stop it! I just want to look at what's
happening!
LIAM: Well if you come around you're going to
see-- See?
LAURA: Hello Laura. Can you see me? Can you see
me?
LIAM: Someone say "I see Laura" if you see Laura.
LAURA: Or is just like from here on down?
LIAM: Hello from Alaska. Hi Laura. They see you.
How does it feel making 50 episodes, Laura?
LAURA: Feels pretty good.
LIAM: Yeah?
LAURA: Feels kind of-- it feels kind of traumatic
actually. Just a little bit of pressure.
LIAM: Elaborate on that.
LAURA: Well I was just worried that when we got to
the 50th episode we were all going to die, or,
even if one of us dies, like now I feel like we've
been together so long, and with you guys for so
long, that if one us dies or if all of us die
(pause) I don't know, man. It's scary.
LIAM: What's your-- I'm going to cheer you up.
What's your favorite Trinket moment?
LAURA: Okay. My favorite Trinket moment ever?
LIAM: Yes. Ever.
LAURA: Favorite Trinket moment! Okay, I really
like when you guys tied a bunch of bows on him.
That was really cute.
LIAM: You're welcome.
LAURA: But I wasn't actually there for most of
it.
LIAM: You come back at the end!
LAURA: I really liked when he ripped a vampire's
head off.
LIAM: Mm-hmm.
LAURA: Come on. That's a pretty major kill for a
bear.
LIAM: What are your feelings on Grog's recent
death?
LAURA: What a freaking surprise! We drove home
from that session and it was like, Travis couldn't
even talk. Both of us were like, "Holy moly! What
a freaking night!" Like if he'd have died? What?
And none of us even knew? I guess he did die.
LIAM: (humming) Nope, not going to ask that one.
LAURA: What is it?
LIAM: Nope. All right, I'm going to find another
person.
LAURA: Aww, come on back.
LIAM: They're busy.
ASHLEY: Busy doing stuff.
LIAM: Right, stuff. We can't talk about that.
LIAM: Taliesin.
TALIESIN: Hi.
MARISHA: Such a big giant--
TALIESIN: I can't say what I'm working on, can I?
I'm doing things. I'm working super secret
projects I can't talk about.
LIAM: You can answer questions right?
TALIESIN: Oh yeah.
LIAM: Okay. Can you break your NDA and tell us
what you're working on?
TALIESIN: Yes.
LIAM: No, they didn't ask that.
TALIESIN: I can. Will I? No. But yeah.
LIAM: What's your favorite book, Taliesin?
TALIESIN: If I'm just for fun? Actually just
because I was a nerd, this kind of nerd as a kid--
LIAM: Surely not, no.
TALIESIN: The Illuminatus Trilogy was a lot of fun
when I was a teenager. By Robert Anton Wilson.
LIAM: Question from me: What's your favorite comic
book?
TALIESIN: (raspberry)
LIAM: What are three of your favorite comic
books?
TALIESIN: Right now, stuff I'm really enjoying
is-- The Wicked and Divine is fucking amazing.
What else was I reading today? Miss Marvel is a
lot of fun if you're into the Marvel stuff. For a
DC book I'm really enjoying American Alien,
Superman and American Alien.
MARISHA: Is this one written by Max?
TALIESIN: Yes. Max Landis's weirdly good take on
Superman. It makes you like Superman.
LIAM: Mmm. Another question from me.
TALIESIN: Yeah.
LIAM: How does it feel to find out I have more
natural 20 rolls than you?
MARISHA: That you have more what?
LIAM: Natural 20s.
MARISHA: Oh.
TALIESIN: You're a liar. You're a dirty liar!
LIAM: (laughing)
MARISHA: Can we talk about this for a second
though?
TALIESIN: No.
MARISHA: Because once again-- Okay, hang on.
MARISHA and TALIESIN: No, no no no no.
MARISHA: I'm going to find out about this.
TALIESIN: Oh god.
MARISHA: Crit Role Stats put up a chart ranking
our nat 20s and our nat fails.
TALIESIN: They're biased. (laughs) I'm trying.
LIAM: I think you have more combat 20s.
TALIESIN: Well you do roll a lot of natural 20s
also when things are going--
MARISHA: You do roll a lot of natural 20s.
LIAM: I also lie constantly. Just like
constantly.
MARISHA: You are a fucking liar.
LIAM: Yes.
TALIESIN: I was amazed to find that your real name
wasn't Liam.
LIAM: (humming)
MARISHA: It's true. Just like you live in
Hollywood.
LIAM: (humming)
LIAM: Yeah, well Adolf is really hard to sell.
MARISHA: (laughing)
LIAM: In the entertainment industry? Probably in
all industries.
TALIESIN: That got dark! (laugh) Little--
MARISHA: That's true, a lot of the producers are--
You know what?
TALIESIN: Never mind.
MARISHA: I'm going to move on.
TALIESIN: Walking on, walking on.
MARISHA: So.
TALIESIN: Yeah no. I'm actually very excited that
I'm-- I feel better about it.
MARISHA: Well hang on--
TALIESIN: I felt weird about it.
MARISHA: Because me and Taliesin and-- but Ashley
doesn't really count, because she's kind of an
anomaly. She's been out--
LIAM: She said you don't count. She said--
ASHLEY: I'm an anomaly?
MARISHA: --the math.
TALEISIN: Yeah. The grouping is too small. The
sample is too small.
MARISHA: The sample is too small. Sam and I were
tied on natural 20s and only two away from natural
ones, which makes me think it's not-- We just--
how we roll
TALIESIN: You do roll-- well it's the battle
rolls, because like-- I roll a twenty three times
an attack.
MARISHA: Right.
TALIESIN: So it--
MARISHA: Most of the time we don't even roll to
attack. Matt is rolling against us.
TALIESIN: Against your magic.
MARISHA: Right.
LAURA: And me and Liam roll stealth checks all the
time.
TALIESIN: And that's where your numbers come from.
Yeah. That's where your numbers come from. You get
all the passive rolls.
MARISHA: I mean. There's all the skill checks but
like you were saying, roll three, and you do too
LIAM: You also-- when you roll 20s, you really
celebrate.
TALIESIN: I do. It feels good.
LIAM: Noticeable.
TALIESIN: I need the dopamine, man.
LIAM: (laughing)
TALIESIN: The reason I have the Super Mario coin
as my text message is because every time I get a
text message it's like, Ah! It can't be that bad.
MARISHA: Wondering how much percentage I am I
wonder how much more less we roll than you
TALIESIN: You know what? We don't' have to figure
that out, because CritRoleStats will do that for us.
MARISHA: CritRoleStats will murder us if we ask
them to count many times we roll.
TALIESIN: I know.
MARISHA and TALIESIN: Don't do that.
TALIESIN: Really don't do that.
LIAM: I'm going to attempt to turn the camera
around
LAURA: No no no-- I'm scared to give it over--
LIAM: --camera. Oh look we're still there!
LAURA: I was going to hold it for you.
LIAM: So that's all right. I'll answer two
questions. The right ones. Okay. (humming)
The podcast will happen sometime in late 2022
after civilization has fallen. We will be using
tin cans and a string.
LAURA: How are those wounds?
LIAM: Oh man. I'm going to pull my pants down but right in
there? It is the nastiest; it is dark brown.
LAURA: I'm still sore!
LIAM: Terrible.
LAURA: We did this last week, you guys.
LIAM: Hmm. (noise) The game with my daughter has
not happened yet, that's on Sunday. Where are
Travis and Sam? They're making out in the men's
room. Laura, if Trinket was a person, what would
his race and class be?
LAURA: Isn't there a bear person class?
LIAM: Were-bear?
LAURA: He's a were-bear.
LIAM: He's a Care Bear.
LAURA: He's a were-bear and he is... I think he'd
just be a fighter, a barbarian.
LIAM: Somebody asked who is the best archer.
LAURA: Who's the best archer? Ashley.
LIAM: No, between you and me.
LAURA: Me.
LIAM: They didn't ask about Ashley, they asked
about you and me.
LAURA: I was not as good.
LIAM: You sure? That's not what I remember.
LAURA: That's only because I started out not
great, the one that had the thing for the arrow slot--
LIAM: Pride talking.
LAURA: So I was on one of these ones that didn't
have a thing to say arrow and Liam won.
LIAM: I shot all the bows and hit the target all
the time.
LAURA: No you didn't.
LIAM: All the time.
LAURA: No you didn't!
LIAM: I hit the target all the time!
LAURA: You lie!
LIAM: I told you I was a liar. Let me see, one
more-- give me a twin question. One twin question.
I'm sure Travis watched the NFL draft.
LAURA: Good luck on your interview! Oh! You got
it?! I remember that from Twitter!
LIAM: Oh cool. (gibberish) Always, that's the
answer, everybody. My middle name is--
LAURA: Like in real life?
LIAM: My middle name is Christopher.
LAURA: My middle name is Dawn.
LIAM: Dawn? Dong?
LAURA: Dawn. D-A-W-N.
LIAM: Laura Dong Bailey.
LAURA: Yes I have one AC shirt you made me, thank
you very much.
LIAM: How do you guys play twins so well?
LAURA: It's in the laundry right now, actually. We
actually are twins.
LIAM: We actually crawled inside the womb of a
large animal for a day just to experience that together.
LAURA: It was uncomfortable.
LIAM: It was. I was glad to get back out.
LAURA: It was a very large creature.
LIAM: It was a whale. (mumbling) Uh, seriously
twins in real life? Yes, Liam, will you be on Tabletop?
LAURA: Will you be on Tabletop?
LIAM: (I don't know noise)
LAURA: Seriously? You need to be on Tabletop.
LIAM: Talk to Wheaton. (humming)
LAURA: Maybe if you were as cool as your sister
you'd be on Tabletop.
LIAM: That's not possible. "Do you ball like
Jordan?" Hell yeah, I ball like Jordan. I'm terrible
at sports. All right, I'm going to find somebody
else.
LIAM: What are you guys doing?
ASHLEY: Still going over things. It's important
stuff. I've returned and I haven't updated my
character sheet in a very long time.
MATT: She actually did. It wasn't that bad.
LIAM: Scandalous.
ASHLEY: I was just nervous that maybe I did
it wrong.
MATT: She did everything right. She was worried
for no reason.
LIAM: Okay. Remember to Turn Undead. All right.
Here is-- oh look they're over here!
LAURA: You're on--
SAM: And then I told the stewardess, "No. My nuts
are already in the-- Oh hi!"
TRAVIS: Hey!
LIAM: Quick! Ask these a-holes a question then
we'll go back and get on the video.
SAM: Oh is it ready?
LIAM: Yes. Ask them questions. Manly questions.
Tell Travis "Go Cowboys."
TRAVIS: Go Cowboys. Ezekiel Elliott running back,
Ohio State.
LIAM: "Are you excited about Zeke?" Somebody just
asked.
TRAVIS: Ezekiel Elliott let's go. Number 14, let's
go! Time to go to work!
LIAM: Favorite flannel? Oh no, somebody just said
that was their favorite flannel. Sam, how are you
so manly?
SAM: Because I stand next to Travis and his musk
wears off on me sometimes. I sort of catch it in
the air.
TRAVIS: There's stone giant strength and then
there's Willingblam musk.
SAM: (laugh) Willingblam musk.
TRAVIS: (Grog voice) I'm going to bottle it.
SAM: A scent. For him.
TRAVIS: Yes! (laugh)
LIAM: All right guys, I think we're going to go
get-- oh fuck a duck. We're going to find our way
back to set so I'm going to end the Periscope.
Thanks for your patience.
SAM: Good luck, technical stuff!
LIAM: Yep. Go Kevdak. What did I say?
SAM: What?
TALIESIN: [inaudible]
SAM: Wait, are we supposed to go back?